many young people are very concerned about what they'll have to give up
if they go into specific field I don't think that's the right way
to look at it it's true that if you go into some fields are gonna have
to emphasize some courses more than other courses and your activities
to be some ways in rather other ways but life is a process now
and I've had several careers in my life in men in fact during a recent
proposal to take over a hi performance computing center one of the
questioners said who's this Davis guy looks like he said more careers
them and other people do because who who I was a marine cryptologist
and the needy commander I used to teach school I practiced law
for a long time I do computer research immerses guy and that's fairly
common these days people have a number here in careers so if you take
a little might feel computer science let's say you're going to computer
science going to university of southern California and get the
engineering school in computer science you have to do a lot of Matthew
Lovett computer science can do very much music United have much
time left over history but after you've done computer science Adak
aid you go back and get a masters in armor organ performance Bruce
on the you you get a back and get a doctorate in education because you
want to teach so you have a chance go back into a that you've got
this remember that we living long enough now we have time for three
or four careers full careers and what I mean by a full career if you
look at people who used to die in the early forties their career was
about twenty years and most of us now live to eighty so we've got
three twenty year careers after we get out of college Missouri available
to us and plenty of time to do the education and do their career
so don't feel like you're giving up something just be realizing you
just postponing a little